in the decision of the graphic river cup Luis Alberto opened the score for the pilgrims
against the madureira
jardel made 2 to 0
Rafael discounted
sooner bento sometimes
the victory by 4 to 1 and the title very celebrated by the
pilgrims
the women's football cup had 12 teams
after all it was unusual and met with the same cast divided in the competition in
two formations, which also complicates
is constantly attacked agricultural counties that you will have to break
gradually the date of this Thursday the main team confirmed the favoritism
with beautiful goals
How do you say Juliana?
jéssica made 2 to 0
camila rose
tamires discount
ana cláudia also tagged for cqc it's the same
Jessica was on the network again
and Juliana showed that she knows
5 to 2
he already played football yesterday also who plays futsal plays against us is
intimacy with the ball we have before the big decision
had the dispute of the third place
favorite to the title the May 3 graphics entered a block still shaken by
defeat on penalties in the semifinals 7 lost the semifinal in a game
very infuriated on penalties
motivated to the commercial account also fell into the
kills but it was one of the surprises of the tournament
found motivation and won the duel for 104 we wanted the first one
did not give but this event tells the mother at the end of the river bowl that retreat
the two started on
pressed and opened the scoring with silvano
the trousse branch tranquillity when started by the right hit crossed and
opportunistic scenario increased to 1 2 and 2 to 0
early in the second half
the rich began to react as Andrew rock
gabriel 'left everything the same
behind the victory of
and less than 20 seconds to the end of the game silvânia gave silvinho lit up
guaranteeing the title to the goiás
Thank God we were surrendering but the temptation of the north of
france with family
We bet a lot of amateur sports.
the government recognizes
I hope he continues this way the supporters are paulo - analyzed
psd already has three defenders
at the end of the game and have to give something more unfortunately we falter in the
end of the game we had even chance to make the third and take a goal
missing 100 400 civilians that way was complicated the fifth title of the noise
in 11 championships played in the seeming goals was very celebrated
and dedicated to the great incentive of the team
I think we deserve it, I'm always making competitive teams and
we also noticed on the south coast of chile
The consequence of this is
this partnership with sebrae
taken seriously